<div type=Ads id=ads>
<head>PREVIOUS PUBLICATIONS.</head>

<div type=Section>
<head>Bureau of Government Laboratories.</head>


<p><note n=A id=n.a>Out of print.</note> <hi>No. 1, 1902, to No. 14, 1904.</hi>

<p><hi>No. 15, 1904, Biological and Serum Laboratories.</hi>&mdash;Report on Bacillus Violaceus Manilæ:
A Pathogenic Micro-Organism. By Paul G. Woolley, M. D.

<p><ref target=n.a type=noteref>*</ref> <hi>No. 16, 1904, Biological Laboratory.</hi>&mdash;Protective Inoculation against Asiatic Cholera:
An Experimental Study. By Richard P. Strong, M. D.

<p><hi>No. 17, 1904.</hi>&mdash;New or Noteworthy Philippine Plants, II. By Elmer D. Merrill,
Botanist.

<p><ref target=n.a type=noteref>*</ref> <hi>No. 18, 1904, Biological Laboratory.</hi>&mdash;I. Amebas: Their Cultivation and Etiologic
Significance. By W. E. Musgrave, M. D. and Moses T. Clegg. II. The Treatment of
Intestinal Am&oelig;biasis (Am&oelig;bic Dysentery) in the Tropics. By W. E. Musgrave, M. D.

<p><hi>No. 19, 1904, Biological Laboratory.</hi>&mdash;Some Observations on the Biology of the Cholera
Spirillum. By W. B. Wherry, M. D.

<p><hi>No. 20, 1904.</hi>&mdash;<hi>Biological Laboratory</hi>: I. Does Latent or Dormant Plague Exist Where
the Disease is Endemic? By Maximilian Herzog, M. D. and Charles B. Hare. <hi>Serum
Laboratory</hi>: II. Broncho-Pneumonia of Cattle: Its Association with B. Bovisepticus.
By Paul G. Woolley, M. D. and Walter Sorrelì, D. V. S. III. Pinto (Paño Blanco). By
Paul G. Woolley, M. D. <hi>Chemical Laboratory</hi>: IV. Notes on Analysis of the Water from
the Manila Water Supply. By Charles L. Bliss, M. S. <hi>Serum Laboratory</hi>: V. Framb&oelig;sia:
Its Occurrence in Natives in the Philippine Islands. By Paul G. Woolley, M. D.

<p><hi>No. 21, 1904, Biological Laboratory.</hi>&mdash;Some Questions Relating to the Virulence of
Micro-Organisms with Particular Reference to Their Immunizing Powers. By Richard
P. Strong, M. D.

<p><hi>No. 22, 1904, Bureau of Government Laboratories.</hi>&mdash;I. A Description of the New Buildings
of the Bureau of Government Laboratories. By Paul C. Freer, M. D., Ph. D.
II. A Catalogue of the Library of the Bureau of Government Laboratories. By Mary
Polk, Librarian.

<p><ref target=n.a type=noteref>*</ref> <hi>No. 23, 1904, Biological Laboratory.</hi>&mdash;Plague: Bacteriology, Morbid Anatomy, and
Histopathology (Including a Consideration of Insects as Plague Carriers). By Maximilian
Herzog, M. D.

<p><hi>No. 24, 1904, Biological Laboratory.</hi>&mdash;Glanders: Its Diagnosis and Prevention (Together
with a Report on Two Cases of Human Glanders Occurring in Manila and Some
Notes on the Bacteriology and Polymorphism of Bacterium Mallei). By William B.
Wherry, M. D.

<p><hi>No<corr>.</corr> 25, 1904.</hi>&mdash;Birds from the Islands of Romblon, Sibuyan, and Cresta de Gallo. By
Richard C. McGregor. (<hi>For first four bulletins of the ornithological series, see Philippine
Museum below.</hi>)

<p><hi>No<corr>.</corr> 26, 1904, Biological Laboratory.</hi>&mdash;The Clinical and Pathological Significance of
Balantidium Coli. By Richard P. Strong, M. D.

<p><hi>No. 27, 1904.</hi>&mdash;A Review of the Identification of the Species Described in Blanco's Flora
de Filipinas. By Elmer D. Merrill, Botanist.

<p><hi>No. 28, 1904.</hi>&mdash;I. The Polypodiaceæ of the Philippine Islands. II. Edible Philippine
Fungi. By Edwin B. Copeland, Ph. D.

<p><hi>No. 29, 1904.</hi>&mdash;I. New or Noteworthy Philippine Plants, III. II. The Source of Manila
Elemi. By Elmer D. Merrill, Botanist.

<p><hi>No. 30, 1905, Chemical Laboratory.</hi>&mdash;I. Autocatalytic Decomposition of Silver Oxide.
II. Hydration in Solution. By Gilbert N. Lewis, Ph. D.

<p><hi>No. 31, 1905, Biological Laboratory.</hi>&mdash;I. Notes on a Case of Hæmatochyluria (Together
with Some Observations on the Morphology of the Embryo Nematode, Filaria Nocturna).
By William B. Wherry, M. D. and John R. McDill, M. D., Manila. P. I. II. A Search
into the Nitrate and Nitrite Content of Witte's "Peptone," with Special Reference to Its
Influence on the Demonstration of the Indol and Cholera-Red Reactions. By William B.
Wherry<corr>,</corr> M. D.

<p><hi>No. 32, 1905.</hi>&mdash;<hi>Biological Laboratory</hi>: I. Intestinal Hæmorrhage as a Fatal Complication
in Am&oelig;bic Dysentery and Its Association with Liver Abscess. By Richard P. Strong,
M. D. II. The Action of Various Chemical Substances upon Cultures of Am&oelig;bæ. By J.
B. Thomas, M. D., Baguio, Benguet. <hi>Biological and Serum Laboratories</hi>: III. The Pathology
of Intestinal Am&oelig;biasis. By Paul G. Woolley, M. D. and W. E. Musgrave, M. D.

<p><hi>No. 33, 1905, Biological Laboratory.</hi>&mdash;Further Observations on Fibrin Thrombosis in
the Glomerular and in Other Renal Vessels in Bubonic Plague. By Maximilian Herzog,
M. D.

<p><ref target=n.a type=noteref>*</ref> <hi>No. 34, 1905.</hi>&mdash;I. Birds from Mindoro and Small Adjacent Islands. II. Notes on Three
Rare Luzon Birds. By Richard C. McGregor.

<p><hi>No. 35, 1905.</hi>&mdash;I. New or Noteworthy Philippine Plants, IV. II. Notes on Cuming's
Philippine Plants in the Herbarium of the Bureau of Government Laboratories. III.
Hackel, "Notes on Philippine Grasses." IV. Ridley, "Scitimineæ Philippinensis." V.
Clarke, "Philippine Acanthaceæ." By Elmer D. Merrill, Botanist.

<p><hi>No. 36, 1905.</hi>&mdash;A Hand-List of the Birds of the Philippine Islands. By Richard C.
McGregor and Dean C. Worcester.

<p><ref target=n.a type=noteref>*</ref> Report of the Superintendent of Government Laboratories for the Year Ending August
31, 1902. (Appendix M of Third Annual Report of the Philippine Commission).

<p><ref target=n.a type=noteref>*</ref> Report of the Superintendent of Government Laboratories in the Philippine Islands
for the Year Ending September 1, 1903. (Appendix G of the Fourth Annual Report of the
Philippine Commission).

<p>Third Annual Report of the Superintendent of the Bureau of Government Laboratories
for the Year Ending August 31, 1904.

<p>Fourth Annual Report of the Superintendent of the Bureau of Government Laboratories
for the Year Ending August 31, 1905.


</div><div>
<head>Bureau of Science.</head>

<p><hi>No. 1, 1909.</hi>&mdash;A Check-List of Philippine Fishes. By David Starr Jordan and Robert
Earl Richardson. <hi>In press</hi>.

<p><hi>No. 2, 1909.</hi>&mdash;A Manual of Philippine Birds. By Richard C. McGregor. Part I.
Galliformes to Eurylæmiformes. <hi>Note.</hi>&mdash;The second and final part of this Manual containing
the order Passeriformes will be paged in continuation of the first part. A systematic
index to the orders, families, and genera (Galliformes to Eurylæmiformes) is



<p>(Concluded on third page of cover.)
